Label OOO blocks when uploading them (#4182)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: When a query hits `max_fetched_chunks_per_query` and `max_fetched_series_per_query` limits, an error with the status code `422` is created and returned. #4056
* [CHANGE] Packaging: Migrate FPM packaging solution to NFPM. Rationalize packages dependencies and add package for all binaries. #3911
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Deprecate flag `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.chunks-cache.subrange-size` since there's no benefit to changing the default of `16000`. #4135

> * [FEATURE] Ingester: Shipper has now`out_of_order_blocks_external_label_enabled` option to label out-of-order blocks before shipping them to cloud storage. #4182

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Ingester: added `out_of_order_blocks_external_label_enabled` shipper option to label out-of-order blocks before shipping them to cloud storage. #4182
```

I'd also move this to `[ENHANCEMENT]` section.
